Hello in this way i want to show you how to have some kind of
Taxation of any windows pc can access on a Windows PC
in the scenario that the huge ones want to be help
Calculator already totally disassembled so what almost nothing more is the calculator
No longer used to correct or freeze
This is a normal working Sa is no longer possible so the usual case
and if you already have so many viruses on your hard drive
these are the ones that used to start falling over each other
in another video myself as the DM recently showed you like one of them
windows-pc means to access reforms 10 on a colorful picture c
if that's going too fast for him now, or she's getting some points of it
shown here can not understand exactly then just that
Watch the video again briefly
most of it overlaps with this video
so that I no longer show this here in full length
Now, although the DB has a Windows-pc but the want to help
he did not work anymore
"If he has the one now there is a Ubuntu live cd then we can get him
help anyway because in principle he has then again a Ubuntu district and we
can help in the same way
these examples just let me see this Windows 7 PC
the Ubuntu CD is in the drive in it normally so it can not now
not state more where you show very briefly that basically see
So an Ubuntu PC is state of the march on the fast new
is assigned so selected
German language Ubuntu to try and calculate does not change
After live-cd has started, you just click on systems again
settings
remote screens
we set the clearance we will be clear about the security of what I want
In this example I would do that now
that will not be asked for a password, the help should be direct
can access it
so many who do not want to access my computer after anyway
no longer starts such commission as a pianist shows
Of course, in this video of the Alpini comes a very special
Meaning to because we also have to make sure that a beep
on Monday Shrek dash were let through
Of course, special problems can arise from them
possibly such a forwarding at her router alarm shot fashionable
have set up, however, that this course is geared up
the Alpine
usually from her
Windows 7 PC or a windows pc so the PC does not want anymore and I voted
ours is used and if you use a dhcp server then it can
be quite
if 1 of them assigns a peak to another, that may be
a little tri g you have to help him with the help of them
that should be possible
to be quite able to do so
in the worst case, there must be a fixed Albi
in the hope that the Windows 7 PC has a fixed Alpi if
it does not and so will
then just
via the web browser
on the router terrible ground grab and forwarding
lying down according to ground is not easy for one
whom they want to help
Indeed
with expert guidance that should work well
so if we assume that the
Redirection should relate to new forwarding facilities
had worked
then, of course, here in this case just like in the other video the
windows-pc start its reform goal
the corresponding one key specify the aesthetic reasons therefore 22 131
22 Customers SEC
click ok and get a screen accordingly
appropriate
on the Windows 7 PC accomplice a message that others are sitting all this
Computer controls
under Windows PC then is quite normal on places
File system
Red Devils 4 the corresponding parts of Windows 7 and then it's their beginning
the corresponding
Perform actions so relatively simple
Of course they have one and Bodo live cd
which should now if you have videos from sites like the DG
Everyone has seen with his windows-pc and Tourette
the how to live